Documentation - Manual testing: Resizing (#340)
AY2122S2-CS2103-W17-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

   1. _{explain how to simulate a missing/corrupted file, and the expected behavior}_

1. _{ more test cases …​ }_

### Resizing the Help Window

1. Resizing the Help Window

   1. Prerequisite: Help Window is open

   1. Test case: Resize Help Window to be smaller <br>
   Expected: The Help Window's dimesions will not go below `1000x600`.

   1. Test case: Resize Help Window to be larger <br>
   Expected: The Help Window's dimesions will not go above `1250x700`.

### Resizing the Onboarding Guide prompt

1. Resizing the Onboarding Guide prompt

   1. Prerequisite: Onboarding Guide prompt is open

   1. Test case: Resize Onboarding Guide prompt to be smaller <br>

>    Expected: The prompt's dimesions will not go below `150x500`.

Reviewer: Should be `500x150` (width x height). 

Also, I think the expected result can be written along the lines of:
```suggestion
   Expected: The prompt's dimensions will not go have width smaller than 500 or height smaller than 150.
```
If anyone have a better proposal for the phrasing feel free to suggest!

Author: Alright changed all to width x height. Would like to change to explicit bt dk if there is a unit width and height. like 500px or smth

>    1. Test case: Resize Onboarding Guide prompt to be larger <br>

Reviewer: Same comment as above. Check your dimensions and (if needed) maybe have more explicit phrasing?

   1. Prerequisite: Help Window is open

   1. Test case: Resize Help Window to be smaller <br>
   Expected: The Help Window's dimensions will not go below `600x1000`.

   1. Test case: Resize Help Window to be larger <br>

>    Expected: The Help Window's dimensions will not go above `700x1250`.

Reviewer 2: your previous dimensions for help window were already in width x height, u flipped it again.

prompt one is correct

Author: Fixed
